dm: add extend columns routes usage (#10966)
pingcap/docs: dm/dm-key-features.md

    table-pattern: "t_*"
    target-schema: "test"
    target-table: "t"

>     # extract-table, extract-schema, and extract-source are optional and are required only when you need to extract sharded tables, sharded schemas, and source information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # extract-table, extract-schema, and extract-source are optional and are required only when you need to extract information about sharded tables, sharded schemas, and source data.
```

    extract-table:
      table-regexp: "t_(.*)"
      target-column: "c_table"
    extract-schema:
      schema-regexp: "test_(.*)"
      target-column: "c_schema"
    extract-source:
      source-regexp: "(.*)"
      target-column: "c_source"
  rule-2:
    schema-pattern: "test_*"
    target-schema: "test"
```

### Parameter explanation

> - DM migrates the upstream MySQL or MariaDB instance table that matches the [`schema-pattern`/`table-pattern` rule provided by Table selector](/dm/table-selector.md) to the downstream `target-schema`/`target-table`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DM migrates the upstream MySQL or MariaDB instance tables that match the [`schema-pattern`/`table-pattern` rule provided by Table selector](/dm/table-selector.md) to the downstream `target-schema`/`target-table`.
```

    target-schema: "test"
```

#### Extract table, schema, and source information and write into the merged table

Assuming in the scenario of sharded schemas and tables, you want to migrate the `test_{1,2,3...}`.`t_{1,2,3...}` tables in two upstream MySQL instances to the `test`.`t` table in the downstream TiDB instance. At the same time, you want to extract the source information of the sharded tables and write it to the downstream merged table.

> Similar to the previous section [Merge sharded schemas and tables](#merge-sharded-schemas-and-tables), to migrate the upstream instances to the downstream `test`.`t`, you must create the following routing rules. At the same time, you need to add the `extract-table`, `extract-schema`, and `extract-source` configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To migrate the upstream instances to the downstream `test`.`t`, you must create routing rules similar to the previous section [Merge sharded schemas and tables](#merge-sharded-schemas-and-tables). In addtion, you need to add the `extract-table`, `extract-schema`, and `extract-source` configurations:
```

> - `extract-table`: For a sharded table matching `schema-pattern` and `table-pattern`, DM extracts the sharded table by using `table-regexp` and writes the suffix without the `t_` part to `target-column` of the merged table, that is, the `c_table` column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `extract-table`: For a sharded table matching `schema-pattern` and `table-pattern`, DM extracts the sharded table name by using `table-regexp` and writes the name suffix without the `t_` part to `target-column` of the merged table, that is, the `c_table` column.
```

> - `extract-schema`: For a sharded schema matching `schema-pattern` and `table-pattern`, DM extracts the sharded schema by using `schema-regexp` and writes the suffix without the `test_` part to `target-column` of the merged table, that is, the `c_schema` column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `extract-schema`: For a sharded schema matching `schema-pattern` and `table-pattern`, DM extracts the sharded schema name by using `schema-regexp` and writes the name suffix without the `test_` part to `target-column` of the merged table, that is, the `c_schema` column.
```

> - `extract-source`: For a sharded table matching `schema-pattern` and `table-pattern`, DM writes the source information to the `target-column` of the merged table, that is, the `c_source` column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `extract-source`: For a sharded table matching `schema-pattern` and `table-pattern`, DM writes the source instance information to the `target-column` of the merged table, that is, the `c_source` column.
```

```sql
CREATE TABLE `test`.`t` (
    a int(11) PRIMARY KEY,
    c_table varchar(10) DEFAULT NULL,
    c_schema varchar(10) DEFAULT NULL,
    c_source varchar(10) DEFAULT NULL
);
```

Assume that the upstream has the following two data sources:

Data source `mysql-01`:

```sql
mysql> select * from test_11.t_1;
+---+
| a |
+---+
| 1 |
+---+
mysql> select * from test_11.t_2;
+---+
| a |
+---+
| 2 |
+---+
mysql> select * from test_12.t_1;
+---+
| a |
+---+
| 3 |
+---+
```

Data source `mysql-02`:

```sql
mysql> select * from test_13.t_3;
+---+
| a |
+---+
| 4 |
+---+
```

After migration using DM, data in the merged table will be as follows:

```sql
mysql> select * from test.t;
+---+---------+----------+----------+
| a | c_table | c_schema | c_source |
+---+---------+----------+----------+
| 1 | 1       | 11       | mysql-01 |
| 2 | 2       | 11       | mysql-01 |
| 3 | 1       | 12       | mysql-01 |
| 4 | 3       | 13       | mysql-02 |
+---+---------+----------+----------+
```

> ##### Incorrect example of merged tables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Incorrect examples of creating merged tables
```

> **Note:**
>
> If any of the following errors occur, source information of sharded tables and schemas might fail to be written to the merged table.

> - `c-table` is not in the last columns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `c-table` is not in the last three columns:
```
